good morning ladies this is the lady of
lace and I am coming to just to do an
update today on my lace front wig and I
would title this swimming in my lace
front way because that's exactly what I
did this weekend my daughter was at a
tournament and our hotel had a very nice
outdoor pool and even though I had no
intentions of swimming I got in the pool
with her and I thought this was a great
opportunity to test the lace way the
synthetic way who wins swimming in water
without a swimming cap yes without a
swimming cap I had my hair pulled back
into a low bond because this is only a
lace front and it doesn't have any poems
or anything just the straps in the back
so I had it pulled down in the back and
into a low bun something like this and I
went swimming now I'm not a very good
swimmer so I I wasn't doing a lot of
laughs but I did do a few and I actually
submerged under the water so the lace I
mean the adhesive I'm using or I had on
because that's not what I have on today
but the he said that I wore was the vape
on tape the vape on FX tape and I also
had some liquid adhesive I think on the
sides maybe in the front and my taps
came and lose them just a little bit not
doing the swimming I when they came up
during that week before we went to to
them to the pool I put on a little Miss
Lola scream just right here at the tabs
just to get it back in place so when I
went swimming of course that was the
area that
that showed the white glue the white
adhesive of Miss Lola scream but other
than that the vape on tape and the other
liquid tape that I normally use was
outstanding
I had no visual problems in the front or
on the immediate size but just right at
the tabs where miss Lola's cream was
hers is not made for sweat or swimming
so other than that the unit held up
beautifully I did not have any of my wig
shampoo or anything like that so I used
the conditioner of my daughter's from
them from my daughter and so I just used
her conditioner rinsed it out of course
why would send the shower because I
didn't take it off i rinsed it put
conditioner in it and last night when I
got home I put a little shine
moisturizer on top of it and combed her
out and this is how she looks now I
think she still looks great considering
I was in the pool with this unit on with
no swimming cap I would not recommend
doing that I know we're supposed to wear
a swimming cap with our laces but if
you're like me I don't get in the water
a lot and so that one time I thought
this was a great opportunity there were
no other people in the pool but me and
my daughter and so if I had any
embarrassing situations like the hair
floating on top of the water or
something it would just be me and my
daughter to see it and I can grab it and
run into our apartment or our hotel room
but I did not have any of those
embarrassing moments like that
only thing that showed up as my daughter
um 20 out was right at the towns where I
had the MS Lola's cream I had put on
earlier during the week but I want to
tell you ladies this this hair is
awesome I thought you know and and
luckily I had another unit with me just
in case so it was a just a great time to
test her out because I was prepared to
to use the other unit but I did not have
to she is still looking
I think fabulous the curls are still
soft I am loving this hair she looks
like she is not freezing up or any of
that and I have worn her what now
three weeks three weeks and then I swam
din her so loving these this this unit
right here this is a beautiful beautiful
unit and I think it helps that it's
curly and Stella straight the straight
may not bounce back or may tangle but
I'm not sure I have not tried to swim in
my straight units back John I wanted to
come and get an update on that and just
let you see how pretty she is and how
she's still holding up even after the
chlorine in the swimming pool direct
contact and like I said the the vape on
tape held beautifully no visual adhesive
dysfunction other than at the tabs and
so um that's it that's it I just wanted
to come and let you know you can still
you can swim in your lace front wigs if
you you know just out there frolicking
around
no just playing in the pool not trying
to do any marathon swimming or anything
like that but um you can play in the
pool with your lace on ladies all right
well this is the lady of lace and it's
been a while so I'll talk to you soon
bye have a great day be blessed and a
blessing